c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\ControlTanque.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\ControlTanque.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\ControlTanque.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\obj\Debug\ControlTanque.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\obj\Debug\ControlTanque.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ControlTanque\ControlTanque\obj\Debug\ControlTanque.pdb
